Update make manifests to update deploy/base/ (#968)
grafana-operator/grafana-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md

The operator use a submodule for [grafonnet-lib](https://github.com/grafana/grafonnet-lib),
one of the first things you have to do is to run `make submodule`.

> When creating a PR our CI will run lots of different tests to try to follow our standards.
> Please run `make all` before creating your PR if it contains any code changes.

Reviewer: How about something shorter? E.g.

```suggestion
**NOTE:** please, run `make all` before opening a PR to make sure your changes are compliant with our standards and all automatically generated files (like CRDs) are up-to-date.
```

If you add update the chart don't forget to run `make helm-docs`, which will update the helm specific README file.

### Kustomize

> The operator also supports being installed by Kustomize.
> To minimize CI times we didn't want to add kustomize to all make commands. Instead we have a separate command to generated the CRDs for Kustomize.
> To generate CRD updates for kustomize please run.
> 
> ```shell
> make kustomize-crd
> # or
> make all
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kustomize, amongst other methods, can be used to install the operator.

To make sure its copy of CRDs is up-to-date, please, run `make all`.
**NOTE:** there's an option to call `make kustomize-crd` directly, though it assumes the CRDs have already been generated from Go code through `make manifests`. `make all` is just a simpler option to run since it doesn't require you to remember all previous steps.
```
